[docs]: update building modules section to reflect ADR31 (#7702)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/building-modules/handler.md

> ## Implementation of a module `handler`s

Reviewer: I wonder if we can actually remove this whole section and just describe the ADR 031 approach. I know @amaurymartiny is in favor of that. At least, I would move it to the bottom of the doc and describe as the legacy or deprecated approach.

Reviewer: ADR 031 may basically the whole `handler` paradigm so we may want to stop using the word `handler`

Author: @aaronc should we just rename this whole section to `Msg` Services (and the file to `msg-services.md`)?
I did something similar as part of the [first round of the "building modules" doc updates](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/7473) for the old `querier.md` file, renaming it to `query-services.md`.

Reviewer 2: > should we just rename this whole section to Msg Services (and the file to msg-services.md)

I think that's a good idea. Would also propose to slightly the ordering of sections like that:
- Msg Services (basically ADR-031)
- Legacy Msg
  - handler

Reviewer 3: Yes, and link to ADR-031

Author: @robert-zaremba already added that, see 2nd paragraph here: https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/c904f91d1b79ccc6d431f1336978d497e8a5c062/docs/building-modules/msg-services.md#implementation-of-a-module-msg-service

Module `handler`s are typically implemented in a `./handler.go` file inside the module's folder. The [module manager](./module-manager.md) is used to add the module's `handler`s to the
[application's `router`](../core/baseapp.md#message-routing) via the `Route()` method. Typically,
the manager's `Route()` method simply constructs a Route that calls a `NewHandler()` method defined in `handler.go`,

### Using [`Msg` Services](messages-and-queries.md#msg-services)

Here's an example of a `NewHandler` from `x/bank` module:

+++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.40.0-rc1/x/bank/handler.go#L10-L30

> Prior to defining the actual `Handler` function, we need to get `msgServer` which implements proto-generated [`MsgServer`](messages-and-queries.md#msg-services) interface with methods that map to module `Msg`s. When possible, the existing module's [`Keeper`](keeper.md) should implement `MsgServer`, else a `msgServer` struct that embeds the `Keeper` can be created, typically in  `./keeper/msg_server.go`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All `Msg` processing is done by a `MsgServer`](messages-and-queries.md#msg-services) protobuf service. Each module should define service, which will be responsible for request and response serialization. Each service defines an RPC which we will use in the `Handler`.  
When possible, the existing module's [`Keeper`](keeper.md) should implement `MsgServer`, else a `msgServer` struct that embeds the `Keeper` can be created, typically in  `./keeper/msg_server.go`.

`Handler` dispatches a `Msg` to appropriate `MsgServer` RPC function, usually by using a switch statement:
```

> +++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.40.0-rc1/x/bank/keeper/msg_server.go#L14-L16

Author: Moved this file to `msg-services.md`, please have another look.

First, the `handler` function sets a new `EventManager` to the context to isolate events per `msg`.

> Then, a simple switch calls the appropriate `msgServer` method based on the `Msg` type. These methods are the ones that actually process `message`s. They can retrieve the `sdk.Context` from the `context.Context` parameter method using the `sdk.UnwrapSDKContext`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Then, a simple switch calls the appropriate `msgServer` method based on the `Msg` type. `msgServer` methods can retrieve the `sdk.Context` from the `context.Context` parameter method using the `sdk.UnwrapSDKContext`:
```

+++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.40.0-rc1/x/bank/keeper/msg_server.go#L27

> They usually follow the following 2 steps:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`Msg` processing usually follow this 2 steps:
```

- First, they perform *stateful* checks to make sure the `message` is valid. At this stage, the `message`'s `ValidateBasic()` method has already been called, meaning *stateless* checks on the message (like making sure parameters are correctly formatted) have already been performed. Checks performed in the `handler` can be more expensive and require access to the state. For example, a `handler` for a `transfer` message might check that the sending account has enough funds to actually perform the transfer. To access the state, the `handler` needs to call the [`keeper`'s](./keeper.md) getter functions. 

> - Then, if the checks are successfull, the `handler` calls the [`keeper`'s](./keeper.md) setter functions to actually perform the state transition. 

Reviewer 3: We shouldn't mention a handler here. We are already in `msgServer`

These `events` are relayed back to the underlying consensus engine and can be used by service providers to implement services around the application. Click [here](../core/events.md) to learn more about `events`. 

> Finally, the invoked `msgServer` method returns a `proto.Message` response and an `error` which are then wrapped in `*sdk.Result` which contains the aforementioned `events` and an optional `Data` field, using `sdk.WrapServiceResult` function. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The invoked `msgServer` method returns a `proto.Message` response and an `error` in a `*sdk.Result` object. Finally, the handler creates a `*sdk.Result` and attaches`events` and an optional `Data` field, using `sdk.WrapServiceResult` function using the previously wrapped context. 
```

Author: @robert-zaremba 
```The invoked `msgServer` method returns a `proto.Message` response and an `error` _in a `*sdk.Result` object_." ```
This sounds wrong to me, a `msgServer` method in itself returns a proto message response and an `error`, see https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.40.0-rc1/x/slashing/handler.go#L19, adding "in a `*sdk.Result` object" sounds confusing to me.

Same for ```using `sdk.WrapServiceResult` function using the previously wrapped context."```
`WrapServiceResult` is using `ctx` from https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.40.0-rc1/x/slashing/handler.go#L13, and that results in some never-ending sentence with 2 "using".

Maybe a better option would be:
 The invoked `msgServer` RPC service method returns a `proto.Message` response and an `error`. These return values are then wrapped into an `*sdk.Result` or an `error` using `sdk.WrapServiceResult(ctx sdk.Context, res proto.Message, err error)`. This method takes care of marshaling the `res` parameter to protobuf and attaching any events on the `ctx.EventManager()` to the `sdk.Result`.

Reviewer 3: OK. Better then the the OP and the proposal.

+++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/d55c1a26657a0af937fa2273b38dcfa1bb3cff9f/proto/cosmos/base/abci/v1beta1/abci.proto#L81-L95

The `handler` can then be registered from [`AppModule.Route()`](./module-manager.md#appmodule) as shown in the example below:

+++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/228728cce2af8d494c8b4e996d011492139b04ab/x/gov/module.go#L143-L146

### Using [Legacy `Msg`s](messages-and-queries.md#legacy-msgs)

In this case, `handler`s functions need to be implemented for each module `Msg` and should be used in `NewHandler` in the place of `msgServer` methods.

> `handler`s functions should return a `*Result` and an `error`.

Reviewer 3: Maybe explain why someone would do that and what additional efforts he has if he is not using `MsgServer`.

Author: Should we actually drop this section? 
cc/ @clevinson @amaurymartiny @aaronc @robert-zaremba

Author: Added few more details in the new file `msg-services.md`, although I'm not sure why someone would actually do that.

Reviewer 3: Because he could see some old examples with `handler*` functions
